First off, we're glad you're here.
⚠️Community Rules ⚠️ 
✅ Use the appropriate channels for discussion.
❌BE RESPECTFUL
The world is a challenging place and you never know what someone is dealing with at any given time. This community endeavors to be an inclusive, safe space for all who wish to enter.
You must respect all users, regardless of your liking towards them. Treat others the way you want to be treated. Having different opinions leads to interesting conversation! Disagreements are fine -- just treat each other with kindness and dignity. Please remain professional and be constructive in your comments, this is what truly benefits our community not negativity. Please do not harass or troll other members. 
 No toxic behavior, including but not limited to discrimination of any and all kinds, racism, sexism, all the isms...add to that list transphobia, homophobia, misogyny, white supremacy, and we've got ourselves a big ol' list of what not to do in here.
❌NO INNAPROPRIATE LANGUAGE
The use of profanity should be kept to a minimum. However, any derogatory language towards any user is prohibited.
❌ NO INAPPROPRIATE OR NSFW (NSFW - Not Suitable For Work) CONTENT.
This includes text, images, or links featuring nudity, sex, hard violence, or other graphically disturbing content. This is a community server and not meant to share this kind of material.. 
❌ NO SHILLING AND NO PRICE DISCUSSION
Absolutely NO DISCUSSIONS on OTC, trading, or exchanges here. No price speculation either.
❌ NO ADVERTISING OR PROMOTING OTHER PROJECTS
We do not tolerate any kind of advertisements, whether it be for other communities or streams. You can post your content in the media channel if it is relevant and provides actual value (Video/Art)
❌ DO NOT COLD DM MEMBERS
Team members will NEVER DM you and ask for your seed phrases or private keys. If anyone asks for this information DO NOT give it to them. DO NOT click links.
❌NO IMPERSONATION
Do not impersonate members of the moderation team. Anyone caught doing this will be instantly banned and reported.
❌NO IDENTIFICATION 
Never disclose identifiable information about yourself, including but not limited to - account balances/holdings, location, email, phone number etc.
❌ BASED IN FACTS
Make ensure any support you provide is accurate, helpful, backed up by fact, it'll it is your own opinion then please make that clear.
❌ PATIENCE IS KEY
Appreciate that the Akorn Community is managed globally. We are all in different time zones and are only human at the end of the day. Repeated tags of admin and ambassadors are simply unfair. Please display patience and think of others.
❌ SERVER RAIDING 
Raiding or mentions of raiding are not allowed.
❌NO OFFENSIVE NAMES OR PROFILE PICTURES
You will be asked to change your name or picture if the staff deems them inappropriate.
❌NO SPAMMING
Don't send a lot of small messages right after each other. Do not disrupt chat by spamming.
❌ NEVER SHARE YOUR PRIVATE KEYS
Members of Akorn will never ask you for them and neither will anyone who's actually helping you.
❌ DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH
Please understand that nothing in this discord should be taken as investment advice. You should do your own research and do it diligently. This also means be wary of scams. If someone is actively promoting a scam, please report them to a @moderator or @admin.
❌ KEEP DISCUSSION IN RESPECTIVE CHANNELS
This server is organized by topics, please keep discussion in their respective channels or you will be admonished by a member of the moderation team. We want to keep discussion organized and clean, so please keep off-topic discussion in #off-topic.
❌Report 
If you see something against the rules or something that makes you feel unsafe, let staff know. We want this server to be a welcoming space
Use this space to nurture your creativity! We're so glad to have you!
Breaking these rules may result in you being kicked or banned from the server. What the @admin  says is final. All ban appeals will be reviewed but may not be overturned. We have adopted the contributor covenant: http://www.contributor-covenant.org/ 
Please become familiar with Discord safety over at │🚨│scam-protection
⚠️Community Guidelines ⚠️ 

Like the technical community as a whole, the Akorn team and community is made up of a mixture of professionals and volunteers from all over the world, working on every aspect of the mission - including mentorship, teaching, and connecting people.

Diversity is one of our huge strengths, but it can also lead to communication issues and unhappiness. To that end, we have a few ground rules that we ask people to adhere to. This code applies equally to founders, mentors and those seeking help and guidance.

This isn’t an exhaustive list of things that you can’t do. Rather, take it in the spirit in which it’s intended - a guide to make it easier to enrich all of us and the technical communities in which we participate.

This code of conduct applies to all spaces managed by Akorn. This includes, but is not limited to, the mailing lists, the GitHub repos, our Discord server, our developer forum, and any other forums created by the project team which the community uses for communication. In addition, violations of this code outside these spaces may affect a person's ability to participate within them.

If you believe someone is violating the code of conduct, we ask that you report it by emailing akornmarketplace@gmail.com.

Be friendly and patient.
Be welcoming.
We strive to be a community that welcomes and supports people of all backgrounds and identities. This includes, but is not limited to members of any race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, color, immigration status, social and economic class, educational level, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, and mental and physical ability.
Be considerate.
Your work will be used by other people, and you in turn will depend on the work of others. Any decision you take will affect users and colleagues, and you should take those consequences into account when making decisions. Remember that we're a world-wide community, so you might not be communicating in someone else's primary language. Be respectful. Not all of us will agree all the time, but disagreement is no excuse for poor behavior and poor manners. We might all experience some frustration now and then, but we cannot allow that frustration to turn into a personal attack. It’s important to remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive one. Members of the Akorn community should be respectful when dealing with other members as well as with people outside the Akorn community.

Be careful in the words that you choose.
We are a community of professionals, and we conduct ourselves professionally. Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other participants. Harassment and other exclusionary behavior aren't acceptable. This includes, but is not limited to:

Violent threats or language directed against another person.
Discriminatory jokes and language.
Posting sexually explicit or violent material.
Posting (or threatening to post) other people's personally identifying information ("doxing").
Personal insults, especially those using racist or sexist terms.
Unwelcome sexual attention.
Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior.
Repeated harassment of others. In general, if someone asks you to stop, then stop.
When we disagree, try to understand why.
Disagreements, both social and technical, happen all the time and Colony is no exception. It is important that we resolve disagreements and differing views constructively. Remember that we’re different. The strength of Colony comes from its varied community, people from a wide range of backgrounds. Different people have different perspectives on issues. Being unable to understand why someone holds a viewpoint doesn’t mean that they’re wrong. Don’t forget that it is human to err and blaming each other doesn’t get us anywhere. Instead, focus on helping to resolve issues and learning from mistakes.
⚠️ WATCH OUT FOR FAKE TOKENS!⚠️
Akorn tokens have not been generated yet. 
BY REACTING TO THIS MESSAGE, YOU AGREE TO THE SERVER RULES AND COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
